dist_rust/README.md, before:

<!-- auto-generated by vovk-cli v0.0.1-draft.372 at 2025-10-03T08:08:29.081Z -->
# vovk_hello_world v0.0.48 [![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-lang-000000.svg?style=flat&logo=rust)](https://www.rust-lang.org) [![Vovk.ts](https://badgen.net/badge/Built%20with/Vovk.ts/333333?icon=https://vovk.dev/icon-white.svg)](https://vovk.dev)

> A showcase for Next.js + Vovk.ts + Zod, demonstrating its capabilities with TypeScript, Rust, and Python RPC.

License: **MIT**

```bash
# Install the package
cargo install vovk_hello_world
```



## mod user_rpc
        
### user_rpc::update_user





`POST https://hello-world.vovk.dev/api/users/{id}`

```rust
use vovk_hello_world::user_rpc;
use serde_json::{ 
  from_value, 
  json 
};

pub fn main() {
  let response = user_rpc::update_user(
    from_value(json!({
        // -----
        // User data object
        // -----
        // User email
        "email": "john@example.com",
        // User profile object
        "profile": {
            // User full name
            "name": "John Doe",
            // User age
            "age": 25
        }
    })).unwrap(), /* body */ 
    from_value(json!({
        // -----
        // Query parameters
        // -----
        // Notification type
        "notify": "email"
    })).unwrap(), /* query */ 
    from_value(json!({
        // -----
        // Path parameters
        // -----
        // User ID
        "id": "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
    })).unwrap(), /* params */ 
    None, /* headers (HashMap) */ 
    None, /* api_root */
    false, /* disable_client_validation */
  );

match response {
    Ok(output) => println!("{:?}", output),
    /* 
    output {
        // -----
        // Response object
        // -----
        // Success status
        success: true
    } 
    */
    Err(e) => println!("error: {:?}", e),
  }
}
```
        
    

## mod stream_rpc
        
### stream_rpc::stream_tokens





`GET https://hello-world.vovk.dev/api/streams/tokens`

```rust
use vovk_hello_world::stream_rpc;
use serde_json::{ 
  from_value, 
  json 
};

pub fn main() {
  let response = stream_rpc::stream_tokens(
    (), /* body */ 
    (), /* query */ 
    (), /* params */ 
    None, /* headers (HashMap) */ 
    None, /* api_root */
    false, /* disable_client_validation */
  );

match response {
    Ok(stream) => {
      for (i, item) in stream.enumerate() {
        println!("#{}: {:?}", i, item);
        /*
        #0: iteration {
            // -----
            // Streamed token object
            // -----
            // Message from the token
            message: "string"
        }
        */
      }
    },
    Err(e) => println!("Error initiating stream: {:?}", e),
  }
}
```
        
    


## mod open_api_rpc
        
### open_api_rpc::get_spec





`GET https://hello-world.vovk.dev/api/static/openapi.json`

```rust
use vovk_hello_world::open_api_rpc;
use serde_json::{ 
  from_value, 
  json 
};

pub fn main() {
  let response = open_api_rpc::get_spec(
    (), /* body */ 
    (), /* query */ 
    (), /* params */ 
    None, /* headers (HashMap) */ 
    None, /* api_root */
    false, /* disable_client_validation */
  );
}
```

Commit message:

chore: Move back yarn; update origin

dist_rust/README.md, after:

<!-- Generated by vovk-cli v0.0.1-draft.390 at 2025-11-02T07:26:32.156Z -->
# vovk_hello_world v0.0.49 [![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rust-lang-000000.svg?style=flat&logo=rust)](https://www.rust-lang.org) [![Vovk.ts](https://badgen.net/badge/Built%20with/Vovk.ts/333333?icon=https://vovk.dev/icon-white.svg)](https://vovk.dev)

> A showcase for Next.js + Vovk.ts + Zod, demonstrating its capabilities with TypeScript, Rust, and Python RPC.

License: **MIT**

```bash
# Install the package
cargo install vovk_hello_world
```



## mod user_rpc
        
### user_rpc::update_user
> Update user

Update user by ID


`POST https://hello-world.vovk.dev/api/users/{id}`

```rust
use vovk_hello_world::user_rpc;
use serde_json::{ 
  from_value, 
  json 
};

pub fn main() {
  let response = user_rpc::update_user(
    from_value(json!({
        // -----
        // User data object
        // -----
        // User email
        "email": "john@example.com",
        // User profile object
        "profile": {
            // User full name
            "name": "John Doe",
            // User age
            "age": 25
        }
    })).unwrap(), /* body */ 
    from_value(json!({
        // -----
        // Query parameters
        // -----
        // Notification type
        "notify": "email"
    })).unwrap(), /* query */ 
    from_value(json!({
        // -----
        // Path parameters
        // -----
        // User ID
        "id": "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
    })).unwrap(), /* params */ 
    None, /* headers (HashMap) */ 
    None, /* api_root */
    false, /* disable_client_validation */
  );

match response {
    Ok(output) => println!("{:?}", output),
    /* 
    output {
        // -----
        // Response object
        // -----
        // Success status
        success: true
    } 
    */
    Err(e) => println!("error: {:?}", e),
  }
}
```
        
    

## mod stream_rpc
        
### stream_rpc::stream_tokens
> Stream tokens

Stream tokens to the client


`GET https://hello-world.vovk.dev/api/streams/tokens`

```rust
use vovk_hello_world::stream_rpc;
use serde_json::{ 
  from_value, 
  json 
};

pub fn main() {
  let response = stream_rpc::stream_tokens(
    (), /* body */ 
    (), /* query */ 
    (), /* params */ 
    None, /* headers (HashMap) */ 
    None, /* api_root */
    false, /* disable_client_validation */
  );

match response {
    Ok(stream) => {
      for (i, item) in stream.enumerate() {
        println!("#{}: {:?}", i, item);
        /*
        #0: iteration {
            // -----
            // Streamed token object
            // -----
            // Message from the token
            message: "string"
        }
        */
      }
    },
    Err(e) => println!("Error initiating stream: {:?}", e),
  }
}
```
        
    


## mod open_api_rpc
        
### open_api_rpc::get_spec
> OpenAPI spec

Get the OpenAPI spec for the "Hello World" app API


`GET https://hello-world.vovk.dev/api/static/openapi.json`

```rust
use vovk_hello_world::open_api_rpc;
use serde_json::{ 
  from_value, 
  json 
};

pub fn main() {
  let response = open_api_rpc::get_spec(
    (), /* body */ 
    (), /* query */ 
    (), /* params */ 
    None, /* headers (HashMap) */ 
    None, /* api_root */
    false, /* disable_client_validation */
  );
}
```
